Fix missing docker dependencies (#1126)
bghira/SimpleTuner: documentation/DOCKER.md

If any capabilities cannot be achieved through this setup, please open a new issue.

### Docker Compose

> If you want to use a `docker-compose.yaml` feel free to oriantate on the following template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For users who prefer `docker-compose.yaml`, this template is provided for you to extend and customise for your needs.
```

If any capabilities cannot be achieved through this setup, please open a new issue.

### Docker Compose

For users who prefer `docker-compose.yaml`, this template is provided for you to extend and customise for your needs.

Once the stack is deployed you can connect to the container and start operating in it as mentioned in the steps above.

```bash
docker compose up -d

docker exec -it simpletuner /bin/bash
```

```docker-compose.yaml
services:
  simpletuner:
    container_name: simpletuner
    build:
      context: [Path to the repository]/SimpleTuner
      dockerfile: Dockerfile
    ports:
      - "[port to connect to the container]:22"
    volumes:
      - "[path to your datasets]:/datasets"
      - "[path to your configs]:/workspace/SimpleTuner/config"
    environment:
      HUGGING_FACE_HUB_TOKEN: [your hugging face token]
      WANDB_TOKEN: [your wanddb token]
    command: ["tail", "-f", "/dev/null"]
    deploy:
      resources:
        reservations:
          devices:
            - driver: nvidia
              count: 1
              capabilities: [gpu]
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Please be cautious of handling your WandB and Hugging Face tokens! It's advised not to commit them even to a private version-control repository to ensure they are not leaked. For production use-cases, key management storage is recommended, but out of scope for this guide.
```
